---
title: "Why"
bg: blue
color: white
fa-icon: check-square-o
---


Coronavirus has been a blessing in disguise for me..

Thanks to Covid 19, I have been able to spend  some quality time with the people close to my heart.

I belong to an industry which might take the longest to recover post this pandemic, however there are still a lot of positive takeaways for me from this..

While we, sitting comfortably on our couches are busy forwarding funny memes and quotes and munching 6 times a day, my heart goes out to the ‘not so blessed’ out there on the struggling to make the ends meet for their food for the day.

While we crib about being locked down in the comfort of our plush apartments, they are on foot, ready to walk the miles to reach their hometowns without food or shelter

Pandemic or no pandemic, we have more people dying with hunger in India than any other disease.

So with an intent to make some positive difference in their lives, I take an initiative to reach out to like minded people who would want to contribute to our platform called “Share Blessings”

Each one us has to contribute an amount of only JUST Rs 100 per month and help us feed the poor each day of the month.

With this step, we aim to reach out to a larger audience and try and feed as many people as possible..

My endeavour would be to help you get tax benefits on the same as well however, will come back with details on the same

Meanwhile, please reply to my text with a YES to help me know that I can count on you for this.

Hoping for your support with folded hands.

Jai Hind ...
Sarthak Khanna
{% comment %}
Got some *killer app*, some *neat project*, a cool portfolio? Make an easy single-page site to show it all off. SinglePaged uses jekyll niceties to make a ***polished, modular, and beautiful* single page site**.

Oh-- go see [some examples](https://github.com/t413/SinglePaged#fancy-jekyll-powered-single-page-site)!

- Each vertical section is a markdown file in **_posts/** directory.
  * They're sorted by 'date'. (we don't use date anywhere, it only sorts)
- Each vertical section sets it's own **color**, **header icon** (or image), **title**, and easy-to-write markdown body.
- Only **two things** to edit:
  1. Edit `_config.yml` to set the site title, description, etc
  2. Add `_posts/*.md` to make each vertical section. Copy some examples and add the sections from your README.md for a fast start!
- Easy adding of **SEO terms**, **favicon** & such, and **google analytics token**.

Sound good? Let's go!

There are three way to get started: (links jump to that section)

1. Make a [**user homepage**](#setup-as-user-homepage) (or organization)
2. Make a [**standalone project**](#setup-as-standalone-project-page) page
3. Make a [site under an **existing project**](#setup-inside-existing-project)
{% endcomment %}
